http://0.0.0.0:8880/v1/audio/speech POST {"article_id":"2OJTYW7XNVHJJN7SPNP2IUFPA4","product":"test","input":"Spend enough time around Beacon Hill or Capitol Hill, and you’d think artificial intelligence is either about to save the economy or destroy civilization. Some Massachusetts voters seem considerably less worked up. A Suffolk University/Boston Globe poll out this week found that a plurality of Massachusetts voters are more intrigued than intimidated by the rapidly evolving technology. More than 36 percent said they’re optimistic that AI will help them do their work or function better, while just under 25 percent said they’re worried about AI taking their job. Then, there’s a whole segment who say they just aren’t, well, sure at all. Nearly 19 percent said they still don’t know how to use AI. Another 20 percent said they were undecided. The question itself is loaded, said Robert Owens, a biochemist from Rehoboth and one of the 500 voters surveyed in the poll. It’s almost “Like asking ‘how do you feel about money?’” he said. “Everyone uses it, but what they use it for really varies.” The results land at a moment when lawmakers are racing to regulate it, harness it, or are generally panicking about how it’s being regulated or harnessed.  Governor Maura Healey and state Economic Development Secretary Eric Paley have been selling Massachusetts as an AI hub. Healey unveiled a ChatGPT-powered AI assistant for state workers at an event that OpenAI chief executive Sam Altman beamed into remotely earlier this year. Meanwhile, House lawmakers in February passed legislation designed to regulate AI-generated content in campaign materials, though their interest hasn’t stopped candidates and campaigns from dabbling. In D.C., it’s proving to be a political minefield, as US Representative Lori Trahan is learning. The so-called Great American AI Act that Trahan helped craft with California Republican Jay Obernolte would impose safety requirements on developers of AI. But it’s facing heavy scrutiny from local lawmakers and advocacy groups from across the country. More than 200 state lawmakers signed a letter opposing part of the bill, including Massachusetts state Senator Great American AI Act and state Representatives Tara Hong, David LeBoeuf and Lindsay Sabadosa, arguing it would undermine efforts at the state level to regulate the rapidly growing industry. And more than 130 organizations — including AFSCME and Common Cause — followed with a letter of their own Thursday urging congressional leaders to kill the legislation that they warned could “freeze” state regulation of AI development and set off a string of lawsuits overturning existing state statutes. Trahan, meanwhile, is pushing back. In a fundraising email Wednesday, she pointed supporters to a CommonWealth Beacon op-ed she authored last month arguing that her draft legislation doesn’t overpower, but “elevates the strongest provisions from the states.” Torn on what’s the right move? It seems a lot of people in Massachusetts would feel the same way.  WARREN BACKS LANDER: Elizabeth Warren endorses former Wu aide in state Senate primary challenge by Samantha J. Gross, The Boston Globe: US Senator Elizabeth Warren on Thursday endorsed first-time candidate Daniel Lander, a former aide to Mayor Michelle Wu waging a primary challenge against an incumbent state senator who has clashed with the mayor.  Warren’s endorsement adds heat to an already-hot primary between Lander, a former Warren campaign volunteer, and state Senator William Brownsberger, a Belmont Democrat and a member of Senate leadership who hasn’t faced an opponent for his seat since 2012. IN OTHER ENDORSEMENT NEWS: The American Federation of Teachers Massachusetts is endorsing Patrick Roath, a Boston-based attorney and voting rights advocate who’s challenging US Representative Stephen Lynch in Massachusetts’ Eighth Congressional District Democratic primary.  It’s the rare union to break with Lynch, who once served as president of Iron Workers Local 7 in Boston, though AFT leans more progressive than some unions — it backed US Senator Ed Markey over US Representative Seth Moulton in the Democratic US Senate primary — and Roath is running to Lynch’s left. The union didn’t endorse a candidate in the district in 2020, when Lynch faced a challenge from Robbie Goldstein, now the state’s public health commissioner.  SIXTH SENSE: The six Democratic candidates looking to replace Moulton in his House seat faced off in a forum/debate Wednesday night in Salem, where affordability dominated the discussion. The event stayed (mostly) peaceful, MassLive’s Tréa Lavery reports.  PLAYING OUT IN THE COMMENTS SECTION: It’s hard to dispute that state Auditor Diana DiZoglio has been winning the messaging war in her bid to audit the Legislature. Lately, though, lawmakers appear to be trying to fight back.  Leading the charge: State Senator Lydia Edwards, who in another era endorsed DiZoglio in her bid to become auditor in 2022. Edwards, a Democrat from East Boston, took to social media last week to call for DiZoglio to direct her office’s attention to the State Police after news broke that Karen Read sued the department and the town of Canton over sexist text messages a trooper and officer exchanged about her. “Now would be an opportune time for our state auditor to fulfill her campaign promises that centered around equity, justice, and accountability,” Edwards wrote on Instagram. “And there’s no debate about the constitutionality of this audit,” a nod to the constitutional questions lawmakers have raised about DiZoglio’s efforts to audit the Legislature. Dizoglio shot back in the comments section of the post, saying her office is “prohibited” from inserting itself into criminal investigations. (Read’s latest lawsuit is a civil one).  So Edwards upped the ante this week, filing a formal request with DiZoglio’s office asking her to audit the State Police, while pointing out that DiZoglio in other instances has “no problem with challenging the boundaries of her office.”  DiZoglio’s office denied the request Wednesday evening. TESTING, TESTING: New graduation requirements recommended for Mass. high schoolers include tests, AI training, and financial literacy by Marcela Rodrigues, The Boston Globe: Massachusetts high school graduates may soon need to pass new tests in core subjects, demonstrate financial literacy and how to use artificial intelligence, and complete a capstone project, state education leaders announced Wednesday. State education leaders released the final recommendations less than two years after voters scrapped statewide standardized tests as a graduation requirement for high school. The graduation framework — which would require students to complete foundational courses known as MassCore — must still win buy-in from local school districts and some approvals by the Legislature and the state Board of Elementary and Secondary Education. DEAL OR NO DEAL: Rent control supporters notched a win earlier this week when one key real estate group, NAIOP, said it was open to reaching a deal to keep the question off the ballot. But whatever compromise the sides settle on will still need buy-in on Beacon Hill, and House Ways and Means chair Aaron Michlewitz told reporters Wednesday there’s still “some ways to go if we’re going to get a true compromise between the proponents and the entirety of the real estate community.” A RESALE RECKONING: Senator invokes Noah Kahan in push for ticket pricing overhaul by Katie Castellani, State House News Service: State Senator Dylan Fernandes, a Falmouth Democrat, filed legislation that would cap on ticket resale prices at 110% of their original price. The bill, dubbed “An Act to make Noah Kahan tickets affordable for the rest of us,” is past of Fernandes’s focus on “funflation,” or inflation tied to activities people enjoy like concerts and sporting events. BUDGET MATH: Warning of layoffs, Wu moves to reverse city council cut to transportation staff in \$4.9 billion budget plan by Niki Griswold, The Boston Globe: Wu on Wednesday accepted nearly all of the more than \$11 million in amendments the Boston City Council made to her \$4.9 billion budget proposal, but reversed a move to cut the transportation department’s staff budget in a bid to avoid potential layoffs. Instead of vetoing the amendment that would slash \$1.4 million from the transportation department’s personnel, however, Wu proposed an additional change to the budget: moving \$1.4 million from elsewhere in the department’s budget to cover personnel, in effect reversing the council’s cut without undoing the council’s decision to shift money to restore cuts to various grant programs.  The Feel-Good Story of the World Cup Is Too Good to Be True by Will Oremus, The Atlantic.  Second Brockton family alleges misconduct by Mayor Rodrigues by Adam Reilly, GBH News.  Holyoke first in state to ban development of AI data centers by Samuel Gelinas, Daily Hampshire Gazette.  State to install hundreds of wrong-way driver detection systems after trooper killed in April crash by Lea Skene, The Boston Globe.  Boston’s reports on possible reparations are set to be released this fall. Here’s what we know now. by Mara Kardas-Nelson, The Boston Globe.  Lawmakers push SBA to rescind ban on loans to immigrants by Sarah Betancourt, GBH News.  Split Agawam council backs stronger voter ID rules by Michael Ballway, The Springfield Republican. Thanks for reading The Scrum. This newsletter was edited and produced by Matt Stout. Have a question for the team? Email us at thescrum@globe.com. Delivered Monday through Friday.","voice":"af_alloy","speed":1,"return_download_link":true,"lang_code":"a","normalization_options":{"normalize":true}}
http://0.0.0.0:8880/v1/audio/speech POST {"article_id":"6KQF2OZTMFBCRNG6FPUQBOZ76Y","product":"test","input":" Recent sightings (through June 9) as reported to Mass Audubon. A hooded warbler and an Acadian flycatcher were found in the Long Pond woodlands of Brewster. A Western kingbird was at Santuit Pond in Mashpee. A Kentucky warbler visited a yard in Barnstable. Sightings at Race Point in Provincetown included a Pacific loon, a thick-billed murre, a Northern fulmar, a little gull, 58 Bonaparte’s gulls, 2 black-headed gulls, 2 Caspian terns, 4 Arctic terns, 2 Forster’s terns, 5 sooty shearwaters, 20 Manx shearwaters, a merlin, and a cliff swallow. Bird surveys on Monomoy NWR tallied 2 Northern pintail, 5 American oystercatchers, 35 willets, 400 ruddy turnstones, and 39 red knots. Three chuck-will’s-widows continued at Nauset Light Beach in Eastham, and other sightings around the Cape included 3 blue grosbeaks at Crane WMA in Falmouth, a red crossbill in Bourne, a harlequin duck and a veery in Mashpee, a swallow-tailed kite in Barnstable and 3 Mississippi kites in Mashpee, a black vulture in Barnstable, 2 yellow-crowned night-herons in West Barnstable, 3 little blue heron in West Dennis, a gadwall in Harwich, a razorbill and 2 sooty shearwaters in Cape Cod Bay off Orleans, and a blue-headed vireo in North Truro. If you have questions about these sightings, or want to report a sighting, call the Wellfleet Bay Wildlife Sanctuary at 508-349-2615 or send e-mail to cape.sightings@massaudubon.org.","voice":"af_alloy","speed":1,"return_download_link":true,"lang_code":"a","normalization_options":{"normalize":true}}
http://0.0.0.0:8880/v1/audio/speech POST {"article_id":"77FNWCDIJNBENOQVXPPWZ7O6PU","product":"test","input":"WORCESTER — The stands at Worcester State’s John F. Coughlin Memorial Field were largely Dracut-dominated for Saturday’s MIAA Division 3 boys’ lacrosse state championship, but on the field, it was all Scituate. The third-seeded Sailors became back-to-back champions with a 7-4 victory over the top-seeded Middies, marking the fourth title in program history. “I think we really didn’t know what we had until the season got going,” said Scituate coach Mark Puzzangara. “We knew we were talented, but were we this talented? The pieces came together, and we saw a lot of incredible development by a lot of our young kids, and those were the ones that got us over the hump.” The game was effectively won in the opening minute, when senior midfielder Luke Spaulding made it abundantly clear whose game it was. He sniped the opening goal 54 seconds in, then won the ensuing faceoff and netted a second just seven seconds later. “We always say, ‘Win the first five minutes of the game,’ and today we did exactly that,” Spaulding said. “Just huge to get a lead, and from there we kept it and just tried to possess the ball.” Dracut (21-2) kept things close in the first half, but its attack didn’t have any answers for a stout defense for Scituate (17-7) in the latter half.  Despite holding plenty of possession, Dracut’s rotational passing seldom led to scoring chances. The Middies put just 10 shots on goal, making life manageable for Scituate senior AJ Reimels (six saves) in net. Sophomore attack Ace Smith and freshmen James O’Brien and Jake Monahan tallied twice each for the youthful Sailors. ","voice":"af_alloy","speed":1,"return_download_link":true,"lang_code":"a","normalization_options":{"normalize":true}}
http://0.0.0.0:8880/v1/audio/speech POST {"article_id":"7OHAODFOVZF7BBPFK2CQGGNW4I","product":"test","input":"Silver Lake is no stranger to playing and winning close games, going 7-0 one-run games during the regular season. So when the eighth-seeded Lakers allowed two unearned runs in the first inning to No. 25 Leominster, coach Tony Pina knew not to count his team out. His belief was rewarded as the Lakers scratched their way to a 3-2 victory in the first round of the Division 2 tournament. “One thing this team has learned is we are never out of a game, and we just need to continue to make good defense and make those adjustments, but we’ve got a lot of confidence with close games and I think our experience with that was the difference-maker today,” said Pina. Silver Lake (16-3) grabbed a run in the third before scoring twice in the fifth to take the lead. Madisyn Thompson reached on a single before scoring on an error, and Elise Tartaglione knocked in Megan Arseneau on a fielder’s choice. Silver Lake junior lefthander Katelyn Taylor rebounded from the shaky start and finished with a four-hitter and fanned eight. “She did a nice job keeping her composure and I think got stronger as the game went on, and that’s what we need from our pitcher” said Pina. Marshfield 1, Westfield 0 — Makenna Robinson (2 for 4) dashed home from first in the ninth inning on a walkoff hit from Maddie Adams as the second-seeded Rams (19-2) outlasted No. 31 Westfield (10-12) for a first-round win. Marshfield’s Caroline Arruda and Westfield’s Hailey Zanolli battled it out in the circle. Lily Zimmer and Sofia Blanco were both 2 for 4 at the plate for the Rams. Walpole 4, Wayland 1 — Junior Ellie Boland was on fire, striking out 17 and letting up just two hits and no earned runs for the fifth-seeded Timberwolves (14-5) to move past No. 37 Wayland (11-10) in the first round. Freshman Kayla Benner (2 for 3, double), junior Abby Riley (2 for 4), and sophomore Layla Casey (1 for 3) each drove in a run, and senior Sienna Kreuzer delivered a double and scored twice. King Philip 14, Nashoba 0 — Reegan Durden (3 for 4, 6 RBIs, 2 runs) and Kiera Lawrence (2 for 3, 4 RBIs) were thunderous at the plate as the top-seeded Warriors (18-5) rolled past No. 22 Nashoba (12-8) in a five-inning first-round win. McCoy Walsh twirled a one-hitter, striking out eight and walking none. Division 1 Beverly 7, Andover 2 — After yielding a solo home run in the bottom of the first, the No. 24 Panthers (11-10) battled back with seven unearned runs and upset No. 9 Andover (15-6) in the first round. “I love the way they responded,” said Beverly coach Megan Sudak. “We started bunting, and I think that kind of threw them off guard a little bit. Once you get runners on and someone breaks out, hitting is contagious.” Lidia Miedema (2 for 4, double, 2 RBIs), Sophia Balducci (double, RBI), and Kayla Everett (2 for 3) led the charge at the plate, with seven different players scoring. Miedema earned the win, maintaining composure after allowing the early homer. “Her drop was dropping, we knew Andover was a really good hitting team so we just needed her to get the ball, put it in play, and let us do the work and she really did that.” Attleboro 20, Weymouth 6 — Lola Ronayne and Avery Graziosi socked back-to-back homers for the No. 3 Bombardiers (15-6) in a first-round triumph over No. 30 Weymouth (8-12). Jenna Callahan (2 for 3, double), Savannah Boedecker (3 for 4, double), and Sophie Borges (triple, double) joined the slugfest. Hopkinton 7, Plymouth North 0 — Elyn Stomberg spun a shutout for the seventh-seeded Hillers (18-3) in a first-round triumph over No. 26 Plymouth North (10-11). Division 3 State Dighton-Rehoboth 13, Greater Lawrence 0 — Junior lefthander Edy Latour put on a dominant display, tossing a no-hitter and fanning eight for the top-seeded Falcons (18-3) in a first-round shutout over No. 33 Greater Lawrence (13-9). Cam Cloonan (2 runs, 6 RBIs) sealed it with a fifth-inning grand slam, Latour was 2 for 3 with a pair of RBIs, and Courtney Botelho went 3 for 3 with two runs scored. St. Mary’s 15, Monty Tech 6 — Abby Sousa (3 for 5) went yard and drove in three runs for the No. 8 Spartans (17-4), who erased a six-run deficit with an 11-run explosion in the sixth inning to move past No. 25 Monty Tech (15-6) in the first round. Olivia DiSessa (3 for 5, three RBIs) and Sydney Wells (3 for 5, homer, three RBIs) contributed, and Adyson Newhall pitched four innings of scoreless relief, striking out five. Norton 13, Nauset 0 — Paige Donahue (2 singles) reached 100 career hits, plating two runs for the No. 2 Lancers (20-1) in a five-inning, first-round triumph over No. 34 Nauset (15-5). Casey Dart (triple, double, 2 RBIs) and Gabby Rodriguez (2 singles, 2 RBIs) chipped in, and Liana Danubio spun a two-hitter, striking out 11 and adding a hit and two RBIs at the plate. St. Paul 12, Chicopee 0 — Ava Grant had 11 strikeouts en route to a first-round one-hit shutout for the ninth-seeded Knights (10-9) over No. 24 Chicopee (19-2). Division 4 State Frontier 18, Mt. Greylock 3 — Skyler Steele (3 for 3, 5 runs, 5 RBIs) crushed a grand slam in the sixth inning to secure a first-round victory for the fourth-seeded Red Hawks (20-2) over No. 29 Mt. Greylock (8-12). Lexi Hawkins (6 strikeouts, 2 walks), navigated several threats, was 2 for 4 at the plate with an RBI and a run. Northbridge 27, Excel Academy 0 — Kylie Grazulis, Lexie Paulhus, and Ava Robinson combined for a no-hitter as the No. 23 Rams (11-9) stormed to a five-inning preliminary-round victory over No. 42 Excel Academy (7-8). Tyngsborough 12, St. Bernard’s 0 — Adrianna Arsenault and Devyn Amico drove in three runs apiece for a six-run explosion in the bottom of the fourth as the No. 3 Tigers (18-3) clawed to a first-round victory over No. 30 Saint Bernard’s (12-7). Hailey McMahon, Katie O’Keefe, and Kaelyn DiMento combined for six of the Tiger’s 12 hits, scoring five runs and driving in four. Kiley Hogan tossed the three-hit shutout, striking out seven and walking one. Division 5 State Georgetown 23, Mahar 0 — Meghan Maguire belted a fourth-inning grand slam as the No. 2 Royals (17-4) cruised to a first-round victory over No. 34 Mahar (10-10). Maguire and Gillien Figueroa had five RBIs apiece, and Maddie Grant was a force in the circle.","voice":"af_alloy","speed":1,"return_download_link":true,"lang_code":"a","normalization_options":{"normalize":true}}
http://0.0.0.0:8880/v1/audio/speech POST {"article_id":"BHQYE4ALXZEKTD674MBIIKEQ3Y","product":"test","input":"Lindsay Clancy is scheduled to make a court appearance Thursday in her pending case alleging that she strangled her three children to death in her Duxbury home in 2023, records show.  The pretrial hearing for Clancy, 35, is scheduled for 2 p.m. in Plymouth Superior Court, according to legal filings.  Though she has attended several previous hearings remotely from the hospital where she’s receiving treatment, she’s being ordered to appear in person Thursday, court documents state.  The former labor and delivery nurse has pleaded not guilty to three counts each of murder and strangulation or suffocation for allegedly killing her children, Cora, 5; Dawson, 3; and Callan, 8 months, with exercise bands on Jan. 24, 2023, after sending her husband, Patrick, to get takeout for the family. Authorities say she cut her wrists and neck after allegedly killing her children and leapt from a second-story window in a failed attempt to end her own life. Clancy is paralyzed from the waist down and remains held at Tewksbury Hospital, where she continues to receive treatment. Her lawyer, Kevin J. Reddington, has said he’ll assert what’s commonly known as an insanity defense at trial. Should jurors acquit Clancy under that scenario, she would not go free but would instead be sent to a state psychiatric hospital where she’d come up for periodic reviews to determine whether she can safely live in the community.  Reddington has said Clancy was overmedicated on 13 different drugs as she contended with postpartum issues, a “horrific” regimen that led to “homicidal ideation, suicidal ideation.” Clancy’s trial is scheduled to begin on July 20.  Material from prior Globe stories was used in this report. This story will be updated. ","voice":"af_alloy","speed":1,"return_download_link":true,"lang_code":"a","normalization_options":{"normalize":true}}
